Move documentation from pods READMEs and update for new paths (#1656)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: installing_on_kubernetes/_topics/checking_readiness.md

## Check readiness of the pods

> _**Note:**_ Please allow a few minutes for the application to start.  Initial install and upgrades take extra time due do database initialization.  HTTPS traffic will not be served until pods are running and ready.  The READY column denotes the number of replicas and their readiness state.  The operator deploys the following pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Please allow a few minutes for the application to start.  Initial install and upgrades take extra time due to database initialization.  HTTPS traffic will not be served until pods are running and ready.  The READY column denotes the number of replicas and their readiness state.  The operator deploys the following pods:
```

Reviewer: Removing the italics for consistency, plus a typo

>         $ oc get pods

Reviewer: Instead of indented blocks, can we use triple backticks?  This way we can use syntax highlighting such as in the section in the next doc that has yaml.

Author: We can switch, I used indented blocks because that was already here.

Author: Done

> ## Check readiness of the MIQ pods

Reviewer: Can we remove `MIQ` to avoid productization concerns?  Alternatively use the productized value.

_**Note:**_ Please allow a few minutes for the application to start.  Initial install and upgrades take extra time due do database initialization.  HTTPS traffic will not be served until pods are running and ready.  The READY column denotes the number of replicas and their readiness state.  The operator deploys the following pods:

```bash

> $ oc get pods

Reviewer: Not for this PR, but we should switch to `kubectl` to avoid being openshift specific.

event-handler-747574c54c-xpcvf           1/1       Running   0          32m
generic-55cc84f79d-gwf5v                 1/1       Running   0          32m
generic-55cc84f79d-w4vzs                 1/1       Running   0          32m
httpd-754985464b-4dzzx                   1/1       Running   0          37m
orchestrator-5997776478-vx4v9            1/1       Running   0          37m
memcached-696479b955-67fs6               1/1       Running   0          37m
postgresql-5f954fdbd5-tnlmf              1/1       Running   0          37m
priority-7b6666cdcd-5hkkm                1/1       Running   0          32m
priority-7b6666cdcd-rcf7l                1/1       Running   0          32m
remote-console-6958c4cc7b-5kmmj          1/1       Running   0          32m
reporting-85c8488848-p5fb6               1/1       Running   0          32m
reporting-85c8488848-z7kjp               1/1       Running   0          32m
schedule-6fd7bc5688-ptsxp                1/1       Running   0          32m
ui-5b8c86f6f9-jhd9w                      1/1       Running   0          32m
web-service-858f55f55d-5tmcr             1/1       Running   0          32m
```

> Under normal circumstances the entire first time deployment process should take around ~10 minutes, indication of issues can be seen
> by examination of the deployment events and pod logs.
> Time can vary significantly based on performance of the environment.
> Subsequent boots should be much faster.
> Version upgrades can also be time consuming depending on the size of the database and the number and difficulty of migrations that need to be applied.  Progress can be seen in the orchestrator logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under normal circumstances the entire first time deployment process should take around ~10 minutes.  Any issues can be seen by examining the deployment events and pod logs.  The time can vary significantly based on performance of the environment, however, subsequent boots should be much faster.  Version upgrades can also be time consuming depending on the size of the database and the number and difficulty of migrations that need to be applied.  Progress can be monitored in the orchestrator logs.
```
